Add VectorpostprocessorSampler (#24739)
idaholab/moose: modules/stochastic_tools/doc/content/source/samplers/VectorPostprocessorSampler.md

# VectorPostprocessorSampler

> The VectorPostprocessor Sampler object generates samples from [VectorPostprocessors](syntax/Postprocessors/index.md). The user is required to provide a vector from [VectorPostprocessors](syntax/Postprocessors/index.md) in [!param](/Samplers/VectorPostprocessorSampler/vectors_names). The data type of the input vector need to be real.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!syntax description /Samplers/VectorPostprocessorSampler

## Overview

The sampler generates samples from [vector-postprocessor](VectorPostprocessors/index.md) and/or [vector reporters](Reporters/index.md). The user is required to provide the names of these vectors in [!param](/Samplers/VectorPostprocessorSampler/vectors_names), which is in the format `<vpp_name>/<vector_name>` for vector-postprocessors and `<reporter_name>/<value_name>` for reporter values.
```

## Example Input Syntax

In the example below, two input vectorpostprocessors (`[VPP1]` and `[VPP2]`) are formed using [CSVReader](/CSVReader.md):

!listing modules/stochastic_tools/test/tests/samplers/vectorpostprocessor/vectorpostprocessor.i block=VectorPostprocessors

The VectorPostprocessor Sampler takes vectors from `[VPP1]` and `[VPP2]` as input to generate samples:

> !listing modules/stochastic_tools/test/tests/samplers/vectorpostprocessor/vectorpostprocessor.i block=Samplers

Reviewer: This needs to be updated if you implement my suggestions to the input.
